Add Production usage docs for Node-Redis (#2696)
redis/redis-doc: docs/connect/clients/nodejs.md

You can also use discrete parameters and UNIX sockets. Details can be found in the [client configuration guide](https://github.com/redis/node-redis/blob/master/docs/client-configuration.md).

### Production usage

#### Handling errors

> Node-Redis provides [multiple events to handle various scenarios](https://github.com/redis/node-redis?tab=readme-ov-file#events) among which the most critical is the `error` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node-Redis provides [multiple events to handle various scenarios](https://github.com/redis/node-redis?tab=readme-ov-file#events), among which the most critical is the `error` event.

```

This event is triggered whenever an error occurs within the client.

> **It is crucial to listen for error events.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is crucial to listen for error events.

```

> If a client does not have at least one error listener registered and an error occurs, that error will be thrown, potentially causing the Node.js process to exit unexpectedly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a client does not register at least one error listener and an error occurs, the system will throw that error, potentially causing the Node.js process to exit unexpectedly.
```

See [the EventEmitter docs](https://nodejs.org/api/events.html#events_error_events) for more details.

```typescript
const client = createClient({
  // ... client options
});
// Always ensure there's a listener for errors in the client to prevent process crashes due to unhandled errors
client.on('error', error => {
    console.error(`Redis client error: ${error}`)
});
```

#### Handling reconnections

> If the socket unexpectedly closes, such as due to network issues, the client rejects all commands already sent, as they might have been executed on the server.
> The rest of pending commands will remain queued in memory until a new socket is established.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If network issues or other problems unexpectedly close the socket, the client will reject all commands already sent, since the server might have already executed them.
The rest of the pending commands will remain queued in memory until a new socket is established.  

```

The client uses `reconnectStrategy` to decide when to attempt to reconnect. 

> The default strategy is to calculate delay before each attempt based on the attempt number `Math.min(retries * 50, 500)`. You can customize this strategy by passing a supported value to `reconnectStrategy` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default strategy is to calculate the delay before each attempt based on the attempt number `Math.min(retries * 50, 500)`. You can customize this strategy by passing a supported value to `reconnectStrategy` option:

```

1. Define a callback `(retries: number, cause: Error) => false | number | Error` **(recommended)**
```typescript
const client = createClient({
  socket: {
    reconnectStrategy: function(retries) {
        if (retries > 20) {
            console.log("Too many attempts to reconnect. Redis connection was terminated");
            return new Error("Too many retries.");
        } else {
            return retries * 500;
        }
    }
  }
});
client.on('error', error => {
    console.error(`Redis client error: ${error}`)
});
```

> In the provided reconnection strategy callback, the client attempts to reconnect up to 20 times with a delay of `retries * 500` milliseconds between attempts. 

Reviewer 2: This is wrong..

Author: This sentence refers to the code example above, where we demonstrate how to throw an Error, etc.

Reviewer 2: oh my bad, totally missed it

> After approximately 2 minutes, the client logs an error message and terminates the connection if the maximum retry limit is exceeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After approximately two minutes, the client logs an error message and terminates the connection if the maximum retry limit is exceeded.

```
